Improving the Readme [DEV] (#2)
Hivebrite/hivelog: README.md

      environment: "production",
      application: "ror"
    }

    options = {
      event: event,
      user: user,
      group: group,
      tags: tags
    }

    Hivelogger = Hivelog::Logger.new(:stdout, @labels)

    Hivelogger.debug("deb ya", options)
    Hivelogger.warn("warning message", options)
    Hivelogger.info("information message", options)
    Hivelogger.error("error message", options)
```

Each log is a sentence. A sentence always starts with capitalization and ends with a period.

> Please scope the service with `tags` (e.g.: `Donations`, `NetworkEvents`, `Recurly`, ...). It will help for filtering.

Reviewer: Maybe we can say to add a `service` key to the options hash with the service name (same as the one used for Gettext for exemple, eg: `Hivelogger.info("information message", service: 'Recurly')`)

Reviewer: Something like that ? 
```
    options = {
      service: 'webapp',
      module: 'topics',
      tags: ['memberships', 'payment'],
    }
    Hivelogger.info("information message", options)
```

> All logs are not necessary an error. Please, type your logs.
> You can use : `info`, `warn`, `error` and `debug`. 
> 
> FYI: Hivelogger writes logs on stdout on local by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logs are not only for errors. Please use the appropriate method, whether that be `info`, `warn`, `error` or `debug`.

Please note that Hivelogger writes logs to `stdout` by default on your development environment.
```

      environment: "production",
      application: "ror"
    }

    options = {
      event: event,
      user: user,
      group: group,
      tags: tags
    }

    Hivelogger = Hivelog::Logger.new(:stdout, @labels)

    Hivelogger.debug("deb ya", options)
    Hivelogger.warn("warning message", options)
    Hivelogger.info("information message", options)
    Hivelogger.error("error message", options)
```

Each log is a sentence. A sentence always starts with capitalization and ends with a period.

Please scope the service in `service`, the module in `module` and the scope with `tags` (e.g.: `donations`, `payment`, `recurly`, ...). It will help for filtering.

```ruby
    options = {
      service: 'webapp',

>       module: 'topics',

Reviewer 3: `Service` + `module` type password/text are custom field, i don't suggest to use here. Please check ECS doc.

      environment: "production",
      application: "ror"
    }

    options = {
      event: event,
      user: user,
      group: group,
      tags: tags
    }

    Hivelogger = Hivelog::Logger.new(:stdout, @labels)

    Hivelogger.debug("deb ya", options)
    Hivelogger.warn("warning message", options)
    Hivelogger.info("information message", options)
    Hivelogger.error("error message", options)
```

Each log is a sentence. A sentence always starts with capitalization and ends with a period.

Hivelog's schema should respect ECS definitions for 2 mains reasons:
- To avoid ES index mapping conflits
- More readable for search and analytics

You can find Guideline of ECS version 1.7 (current version) [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/1.7/ecs-guidelines.html).

Please scope with `tags` (e.g.: `donations`, `payment`, `recurly`, ...). It will help for filtering.

```ruby
    options = {
      tags: ['memberships', 'payment'],
    }

    Hivelogger.info("information message", options)
```

> 

Reviewer 3: For each log should contain mandatory fields `event.action` and `event.category`, that will explicitly add keywords for search & filtering. I think it's more strict than tags.
